Static	Good, not great. Static at top volume.
The media could not be loaded. Nice sound and interstates easy but she does have more trouble understanding what we are asking her for some reason.	Nice sound!
Sound quality is w	Sound quality
Music and asking Alexa about the things we wanted to know	Very easy to use
When streaming music it cuts out way too much. We have 3 other Echo dots and they remain playing	The music cuts out way too much
The voice recognition barely understands what you say and the sound is not premium. My 10 dollar blue tooth speaker does better	The opposite of premium sound
Bad microphone, never understands what I say, but never forgets to ask if we want premium services. Doesn't work when your internet is down. speech2text has been around since the 1952, had it in my Commodore 64 (1975 computer) ; can't do offline speech2text translation? Spend more time repeating myself than enjoying the fruits of technology.	bad microphone
It is time consuming to set up	Wake up and weather
Perfect i’ve gotten used but it works perfect	Perfect
Perfect Christmas gift.	Perfect gift.
I like the sound of the music. The sound quality is great. However sometimes when I ask a question or request it doesn’t wake up long enough for me to say. I have to push the button on top of Alexa.	Alexa is fine. She doesn’t stay on long enough for me to ask a question.
I recently bought 2 echo 4’s and then added the new 4K max fire stick to create a stereo pair. I plugged the max fire stick into the eARC hdmi portpaired, and because of a recent update from Amazon, I can now get a better than a sound bar sound system across all my devices connected to my tv. Now I just need to buy the echo sub to complete the system.	Very impressed with new home theatre mode using eARC!
I had reservations about Alexa and the home AI IOT trend. Still have. But I've found this to be a really fun and convenient device that works very well. The user has very good control over its features so its not the privacy threat I imagined. It can be more integrated with your phone and other devices that would allow it to cross that threshold, but these are all user options. I use it mainly to connect to Amazon Music and it has really impressive in voice recognition. Ask "Alexa" to play Beethoven's 7th symphony opus 92 and "she" does it immediately. No delay. Thus far I haven't found anything it won't play. It even works well if you give it commands in a normal tone of voice from another room. If you don't like "Alexa" it has a couple of other key words you can use instead. When its recording it turns on special indicator lights so you don't have to wonder. Very impressed and its really cool.	Fun gizmo that works surprisingly well.
I am very surprised at the high quality sound. I have had a Echo Dot for 3 years and loved the concept but had to add a external speaker to make it sound OK. This Echo does everything I want with very good sound quality. It was easy to setup since I already have the Alexa app on my phone.	Great sound
This is my first device like this. I love it! It fits nicely on my small kitchen counter top. The sound is amazing! I love being able to ask for songs to play while I'm working in the kitchen. Asking for timers and reminders are great and the grocery list is a helpful tool as well. I even tried listening to a recipe and that was neat too! My daughter loves being able to send me messages or use as an intercom with her new echo dot kids too.	Great device!
Responsive and good sound	So far so good
I love this gift. Put in my kitchen. Love the music!!!	Live the music
I love to sit and just listen to all types of music. It was a wonderful Christmas gift.	Alexa is always available.
Great product to use as learning and have fun all the family.	Great product
Mostly listen to music. Very good sound for the classics to contemporary.	Good sound
Alexa is very responsive, great sound and bass, very impressed for the size of speakers.	Great sound for a small package
Great sound quality and voice recognition	Great sound quality
The media could not be loaded. Todo super bien exelente experiencia con Alexa	Exelente
Best purchase I’ve ever made by far. It’s simple and so helpful. I love that I don’t have to get my phone to change to the next song or find an album to play. Amazon thank you for this amazing fun device.	Great device
I have these devices all over the house. This one that is also a hub makes adding new smart plugs and other devices a breeze. No more downloading a third party app and setting up a skill. Way better this way. Sound is good. I have no problem with the mic or network connectivity. I love reading reviews from Trolls that have nothing better to do than badmouth otherwise good products. They probably work for Google.	The Trolls are Wrong
Great system.. Easy to set up an use. Great sound comes out of this.	Alexa is the best
great	fast deliverygreat
To get the bass the treble has been eliminated. Also it's hearing hasn't improved since echo I. Overall the sound is better. When I play the old echo and the new together it's easy to tell the one with the highs and which one has the lows.	New isn't always better
Didnt work at all. had to return it	Had to return it didnt work at all
Love everything about this great sound	Love it
Love the Echo..audio is crisp and clean...loud enough for music. No problems whatsoever	As expected
We replaced our Gen 1 which was getting long in tooth. There are differences between the two, but I'm happy with the upgrade.	Good Integration
Love it	Awesome
Absolutely love this Alexa device. The sound is awesome!	AWESOME!
everything	Great
To control cable and tv operations.	You need better tecnical support that won't bail on you when they can't figure it out.
No me agrado k no tiene para poner el reloj	No encuentro como usar las palabras k echo necesita
Like the smaller size and wonderful sound.	Love Alexa
I truly underestimated this orb of a machine. The sound is amazing. This is a well-balanced, decent, modern entertainment system meant for the minimalist home.	Amazing
Timer music radio stations	Great for what I use it Exploring more uses without having to pay more
I love this so much. I use it for everything. Internet ?s, reminders, timers, music, recipes, she is even polite when told thank you! I was so happy with this, I added one to my bedroom and son's room. I would highly recommend it. She has made my life easier. Thank you amazon!!!	Don't know how I lived without her
I am really glad I bought this echo. it sounds good and I love the way I can turn my bedroom light on and off. and Alexa give me the weather and traffic every morning just before I leave for work.	love this echo
Bought it for the premium sound and was not disappointed! For the money this is the best smart speaker!	Very pleased with sound cuality
works and sounds great!	sound is great!
Living room entertainment. Sound is awesome!!!	Don't put on glass table with other items. It will vibrate those items.
🙏🙌	❤️
Wanted echo that showed time and weather and was an alarm. This did not do it or I could not figure out how to make it do it.	Did not do what I wanted. Returned
I really enjoy the Echo.	So convenient and simple to use.
I have a lot of Alexa products. One in every room. I listen to music, sound quality is great . I set timers . I ask questions. A must have !	Works well . Love it !
I love my new Echo (and 3 Echo dots I got to blanket the house in music). The new Echo sounds fantastic and better than the original Echo it replaced.	Sounds Great and an Excellent Value
